d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\OzluSozlukAPI.dll.config
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\OzluSozlukAPI.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\OzluSozlukAPI.pdb
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Api.DAL.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Spatial.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\AutoMapper.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Api.Data.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Api.DAL.pdb
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\System.Spatial.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\AutoMapper.xml
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\Api.Data.pdb
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\obj\Debug\OzluSozlukAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\obj\Debug\OzluSozlukAPI.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\obj\Debug\OzluSozlukAPI.pdb
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\anil.gurbuz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OzluSozlukAPI\OzluSozlukAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
